[Music]
There are two topics I'd like to address
here, okay?  Although the excerpts will be
uploaded to Telesalseo, eh, but since
we haven't done it live on Telesalseo, the
truth is I'd like to discuss it here
because I'm completely concerned
with this news of the accident,
man.  I mean, it seems absolutely
crazy to me and yesterday it drove me crazy.  I remember
we were live when it happened.
Where were we live yesterday?  Yesterday,
ah, yesterday we were in the main and
then in the and then in the telesalseo,
right?  And I remember that suddenly
the news reached me, I mean, the news came out
and I told you on screen at one point
, "Look, there's been a
helicopter accident in New York."  Well, it
turns out that when I finished
the live shows and everything, okay?  There are
comments from Snables, the one that I mentioned
when I finished the live and so on, well,
the information about that was already known
too, Karim, that's the other thing, that
the information was known that they
were Spanish, man.  I mean, look how
shitty life is, huh?  A family,
a family, man.  First day of
New York vacation, right?  They're
gone, they've gone to New York, I imagine it
was to spend all these days,
okay?  And they take the typical
helicopter flight that, you see
, it made my hair stand on end
because I was watching it because it's
an activity
that is usually done in New York.  I mean,
I saw it on Marta Díaz's Instagram
for a real and I looked at it.  The thing is, it
costs 250 bucks each person, you
know what I mean?  So, so you can see that I
didn't hire him because he was expensive, even though I didn't have money
.  Damn, there are three of us.
If I hire the helicopter, which also
scares me terribly because I'm
terribly afraid of heights and the
helicopter is a little thing like that with some of
them, you know?  And they were 200, 250 € each
is what they usually cost.  And of course, there were
three of us, well, I wouldn't have
thought it would have been worth a lot of money if there were two of us
, but normally it's an
attraction that's typical to take.   I
think you, Tesa, I think you, Tesa,
told me you did it, right?  The
helicopter thing once.  No, it
wasn't you.
Entire families fleeing war
and poverty die in the Mediterranean, and you don't feel it as much.  But
the rich also cry, it's
like when the submarine came out, right?
People were rejoicing because since they were
rich, well, the helicopter broke up
in the air.  Tail blade means that it
reached a great height.  Possibly its
top, which is 20,000 feet, 6 km for a
Bel 206, fell apart.  So
you had a total system shutdown at
maximum altitude.  I mean, this is someone
who understands helicopters and knows what
the negligence was, because we're already
talking about negligence.  Note that
when I saw the news, well, it caught me
being here live and we discussed it,
right?  And I told you about such and such, didn't I?  Fite you,
right?  The creeps I get that I was just
there, I was just there, okay?  And
then when I finished the live and
such, I spend my time on Twitter
taking the dog out or before falling
asleep, right?  It was already known that it was a
Spanish family, eh, that
he is a well-known person in the
business world.  He was the SEO
of Siemens in Spain, right?  And it was the
first day of vacation in New York,
at 3 in the afternoon they had the appointment
for the helicopter.  Cloudy day, so
something is happening with the helicopter, the
blades are going one way and the
helicopter is going the other.  SEO, SEO was a
former president.  Ah, well the news
said SEO, damn it.  Well, you watch the
news because yesterday
evening everything just happened on the news.  A kiss,
Daniel.  In the news at first they didn't
want to put the identity, okay?
They put the initials, but it was a well-
known person.  Then, after a while,
everyone posted their identity on Twitter
.  Because?  Because it turns out that
the helicopter company itself
takes a photo of you and publishes it.
When you get on the helicopter, he
takes a picture of you and posts it on his page, you
know?  So, you're a fist fite, huh?
Fite you.  What a pain, man.  How awful with
three little angels, man.
11, four and five.  Like my Leo,
man.  Like Mile Leo.  One younger than M
Leo, because Mile Leo is turning six,
who by the way turns six in a
month.  What a pain, man.  There had been several
helicopter crashes in Manhattan.
Yes, there has been a lot, Tesa, there has been
a lot.  That the helicopter is actually
a structure that is nothing.  What a pain,
man.  This news really has me,
I swear.  Many times I know there is
a lot of news during the day, right?  I
know there's a lot of news throughout the
day and look, people are watching,
a lot of people are dying in the river, a lot of
people are dying, I don't know what, eh, Jessica, big kiss.
But, doesn't it happen to you that there is news for
whatever reason, maybe because you see something
related or you imagine, right?  That they
leave you more affected.  This news
left me broken yesterday, man.  It left me super
touched, man.  I swear.  I've been really
freaking out about this news all day,
man.  Because you start to think and it's
something that anyone would have done
and suddenly it's like, so
you see that it's not even that many times
even if you have money, that doesn't
free you from anything, man.  I mean, this
is an expensive thing, huh?  Here they
spent €1,500 on dying.  They spent
€1,500 to die, man.  Look, I'm
getting sick, man.  I'm getting
goosebumps, man.  Because
no, life is a real [ __ ], man.  I mean, there
is nothing that can free you from a
tragedy that is there for you.  There is nothing
that can free you from a tragedy that is not there
for you, that is there for you.  Know?  I'm
a wealthy person who probably
usually buys the best things when I go on vacation or
when I go out somewhere
, right?  The
safest things, it is often assumed
, right?  The ones that are more
verified or the ones that are so-and-so.  Well,
someone has been negligent here,
from what I saw on TV today.
Yesterday on the news, they said it
was a company with 30 years of
experience and that they're like, well, like they
have a lot of—they've never had a
problem—a lot of quality, I don't know what.  And
yet, today on the
Spanish Television newscast, they're saying the
opposite, that there have already been several acts of
negligence on the part of this company, I do
n't know what.  And so you can see, man,
suddenly you're excited, man, and with your
whole life ahead of you, an
important man in business, an
important man in life, right?  And
so, you get on a
helicopter like an attraction in
what you think is going to be a fun half hour
of your life, the first day of
your vacation in New York and in just a
second, eh, not that you die, but that
your whole family dies, the whole
family, man.  And the pilot died, his whole
family and the pilot, but look,
the pilot, the pilot obviously knows
what he's exposed to, because the
pilot, I imagine, will make many
trips a day, not one, no, I don't
know how many trips he will make, but yes, if the
flights last half an hour, I think the
pilot will make more than one a day, it's not
like the airplane pilot who has a few hours of
rest, I don't know what.  The pilot is 21 years old
, what are you telling me?  21 years old.
A responsibility, yes, a
21-year-old has it.  I see that it is a
very big responsibility to
drive a machine like this.  Uh,
the pilot was 21 years old.  That's what the
pilot said he had to refuel.
Yes, I've seen that.  True Tesa, I
almost forgot.  Before I
forget, Simón Silvia's video is very good
.  Tomorrow there's another one, tomorrow there's
another one.  I don't know what time, eh, it's just that the
news is
constantly changing the data until
an hour passes and it's a little longer.
There's also something that really
freaks me out: they take the photo
with this white plane, but then the one you
see on the cranes pulling it out of the river is
red.  I was just seeing the Haston River
there, man.  Look at this tower
you are seeing here.  This skyscraper you
're seeing here, at least 32
people died at some point in a
helicopter crash from '77 to '19.
[ __ ], [ __ ], I've never been on this in my
life, in my life, in my life.  This
skyscraper that you're seeing here, this
is a skyscraper whose
construction has been halted because, well, in short,
okay?  The story of this skyscraper is
that it's a construction and what
happens there is that there
's very little land left in Manhattan, right?  Well,
I don't really
understand much about architecture in terms of construction, okay?
But apparently, for you to make the
building so tall, you have to
secure it in depth, as if
you were screwing the building into the
ground, right?  You have to use a
technique, right? To cement it well,
okay?  And then they didn't do it right,
this building isn't well-founded and
then when the construction goes like this
, okay?  These are some,
well, these are this is a rasccielo
with some apartments that are
for millionaires because apart from
the qualities, okay?, that the construction was going to have
.  Aside from the
quality, it seems they also
have a service, I don't know if it was a
yacht service or something else that happened
here on the river, you know?  I mean,
[ __ ] crazy, okay?  And also, imagine
the views from this skyscraper, okay?  In
your little apartment, in your little apartment
there pin pin.  I don't know how many millions each
apartment was worth, okay?  Well, with
the work now as you can
see it, it seems they
realize that the building is starting
to lean.  It is starting to lean
because it has not been properly cemented.
So, then they've done
some inspections and so on and they say that
well, even though it's a little inclined, that
no, it's not entirely safe, I
mean, it's not entirely safe, no, it's
not entirely unsafe, I mean, it can be
done, okay?  But since there's been
a clash of demands and some
moves by construction companies and distributors,
etc., everyone has
obviously canceled their contracts
because no one wants them. No one trusts
that this will turn around, you know?  and
the work is paralyzed and there is a
half-finished skyscraper there abandoned
on a little side of Manhattan.  The
investigation will determine whether it was a
malfunction or pilot error. From
what they're saying, the issue is
that the way the blades
suddenly flew off in front of the helicopter, uh, from
what the helicopter experts are saying
, there's
negligence there.  I don't know, I don't know what kind of
negligence it is, but maybe it's a
review that you have to do beforehand or
whatever,
right?  The
host.  And notice that it falls into the
Hton River, which is the river that is in the middle where
New York and New Jersey stand.
Okay, you're going to screw up the
helicopter, so it turns upside down,
bam.   What a
shock that was, huh?  I mean, that
's really high, huh?
I hope they haven't found out, at
least I told my wife today, right?
I mean, I hope at least they don't know
that they haven't found out, you know?  That the
impact was that the impact
was so sudden, not that they didn't
notice, you know?  The thing is, it
's true that it says, I don't know, I don't know
what, two people, but apparently two
of them survived the accident and
died in the hospital.  Two of them, we do
n't know who, they haven't said
who, I don't know if they have said it, you
know, because at the moment they didn't say
who, but apparently two of
them were alive at the time of
their rescue and died in the
hospital.  I mean, I hope they were
unconscious or something and didn't suffer too
much, man, because falling into the river is
also, falling into the river and trapped there,
look at the whiskers flying from the
helicopter.  Thank goodness everything
else fell into the river.  That's what I was
telling you.  Imagine it falls on the
island and the blades are flying there.
Not yet.
You hear the host
after hitting him.  Look,
you see how strong, man.
This is coming down so high, huh?   That's
how high that's falling, man.   He
says, "I can't understand how the
tail rotor and the tail rotor
separated, but I understand even less
how the engine, the
main rotor, could have separated. No matter how many times I think about it
, I don't understand. Do you know that two
rotors fall off, the tail rotor,
the tail rotor, and the big one on top. Of
course, look how the [ __ ]
the main and tail rotors separated in the air,
both of them and the cockpit, bam, it's
going to hell. I imagine that
tomorrow, in
the next few hours, they'll be saying something. Are
there new images? No, no. Yes, this
image is new, right? Look, look, this
image is new. This image is new.
Look, look, look. [ __ ], what a coincidence.
This must be a security camera. Look, I do
n't know if you can see it, but look, it appears over
here, look. Boom! And that's when
whatever happens. Right here, at this moment, when
whatever happens,  It makes a
sharp turn as if it had hit
the air or something. Look,
the big rotor separates, can you see it?
The large rotor separates and the helicopter
's cockpit goes to hell,
obviously.  And there
the tail rotor has just separated.  But what have they
done to him?  Did they strip the screws
everywhere or something?  Pom.  I don't understand
anything, huh?  I don't understand anything.  It's
crazy, man.  It's crazy.  Here's the
man, look.
Siemens Spain CEO Agustín Escobar, his
wife, and their three children died
Thursday after a
tourist helicopter crashed into
New York's Hudson River in an accident currently being
investigated by the Federal
Aviation Administration.  The helicopter, a Pel
206 model, flew for about 16 minutes
before crashing into the water.  Shortly before
plummeting into its void, the aircraft circled
the Statue of Liberty before
ascending the Hudson River toward the
George Washington Bridge.  Prime Minister
Pedro Sánchez echoed
the tragedy and expressed his
condolences, as did
White House resident Donald Trump.
The White House's spite.
Well,
[Music]